docs/index.md, before:

# Jim <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4642979/218163532-1c8a58e5-6f36-42de-96d3-f245eee93cf8.png" alt="jim" width="35"/> - A JAX-based gravitational-wave inference toolkit

Jim is a set of tools to solve a number of inference problems in the field of gravitational-wave, including single event parameter estimation and population analysis (coming soon!). Jim is written in python, with heavy use of the [JAX](https://github.com/google/jax) and uses [flowMC](https://github.com/kazewong/flowMC) as its sampler. 

!!! warning
    **Jim is still in development**: As we are refactoring and continuing the development of the code, the API is subject to change. If you have any questions, please feel free to open an issue.



## Installation

### Installing with `pip`

### Installing with `uv`

### Container

## How to use this documentation

This documentation is divided into several sections:

- [Quickstart](quick_start): A quick introduction to Jim, how to install it, and how to run a simple example.
- [User guides](guides/anatomy_of_jim/): A collection of guides to help you use Jim for different tasks, such as parameter estimation and population analysis.

## Citing Jim

Commit message:

Update docs to add tutorials section and fix navigation

docs/index.md, after:

# Jim <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4642979/218163532-1c8a58e5-6f36-42de-96d3-f245eee93cf8.png" alt="jim" width="35"/> - A JAX-based gravitational-wave inference toolkit

Jim is a set of tools to solve a number of inference problems in the field of gravitational-wave, including single event parameter estimation and population analysis (coming soon!). Jim is written in python, with heavy use of the [JAX](https://github.com/google/jax) and uses [flowMC](https://github.com/kazewong/flowMC) as its sampler. 

!!! warning
    **Jim is still in development**: As we are refactoring and continuing the development of the code, the API is subject to change. If you have any questions, please feel free to open an issue.



## Installation

### Installing with `uv`



### Installing with `pip`

### Container

## How to use this documentation

This documentation is divided into several sections:

- [Quickstart](quick_start): A quick introduction to Jim, how to install it, and how to run a simple example.
- [User guides](guides/anatomy_of_jim/): A collection of guides that explain principles of Jim, how to use it, and how to extend it.
- [Tutorials](tutorials/GW150914_IMRPhenomPV2/): A set of step-by-step tutorials that show how to use Jim for specific tasks.

## Citing Jim
